[Music]
hey guys welcome to toy review TV and a
lego city review this is the all-new
stunt plane set six double zero one nine
ages 5 to 12 now this set does come with
140 pieces and will cost nine pounds 199
pens to buy here in the UK does call me
that octane a refueling truck as well
has the stunt plane and we do get two
minifigures included in this set of
there is the rear of your box BOTS they
spray this open construct sit and say oh
you better look so here it is all
constructed it does come with a one
sticker sheet with the few stickers on
there and we do get a 1 and 2
instruction and manuals are with this
one for the plane handle one for the
octane truck now we do get to of
minifigures of this is the truck driver
and just call the blue dungarees on and
a stub early printed face we do get
these ear defenders as well these are a
call accessory and on the rear we have
no more printing and we only get that
one face print on that when you figure
the next minifigure is the pilot of the
airplane and there you go we have some
of red and orange colors and we have
those cool silver shades underneath this
visor which you can pull down on it the
red helmet we do get the print to the
rear as well saying airborne so that is
some nice prints and if we remove the
helmet you can see we only get that's
one of face print on a vase minifigure
so now we're on to the octane truck and
it is all in yellow we do get the rubber
wheels or rubber tires some stick
applications to this just the one there
at the front and there is your space to
stand your driver if we just get the
driver you can see we can stand him in
there and there you go he's ready for
action I do get this little loads on the
back and all these tools as well so he's
ready to go for any eventuality we do
I arranged we get a water key we get a
hammer and we get a fire extinguisher on
there as well and of course tis a fully
functional vehicle now on to the jet the
aeroplane this is a pretty cool compact
thing we do get the wheels underneath we
get this very small rear wheel and we
get the rubber wheels dual wheels to the
front we have the propeller which of
course you can spin and then we have
these wings with summer translucent
pieces on the ends we have a red and a
green one and that we have some sticker
applications to the from the engine
section we have the engine block and
then all these stickers at the front now
we get the cockpit section which is a
smoky translucent gray and that will
flip up as normal there is your seating
arrangement for your pilot's and we have
the steering wheel to steer the
aeroplane as well and on the fin at the
rear we do get these stickers applied to
the rear fin and another sticker there
but that is pretty much it guys and of
course you can move your airplane along
as well on the ground so a pretty cool
compact little set and it is a nice
cheap set as well one of the cheaper
sets in the newer City sets for summer
of 2013 but this of course gets a
massive toy review TV a thumbs up as
most a lego sets do well guys thanks for
tuning in to this review please do stay
tuned for more Lego and I saw your
reviews and I will see you next time
here on toy review TV
[Music]